AWS Resources (#30)
UWB-ACM/Hackathon-Docs-2020: _docs/aws_resources.md

   * [Terminate EC2 instances -- leaving EC2 instances running is a common cause of unexpected recurring charges](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/terminating-instances.html)
   * Delete database tables: [DynamoDB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/getting-started-step-8.html), [RDS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_DeleteInstance.html), and/or [Redshift](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/managing-clusters-console.html#delete-cluster)

The list above should be sufficient to get you started. You **do not** have to follow every step. However, pay close attention to **1, 3, and 5** because those are some of the most common solutions.

For additional information, AWS has a [comprehensive guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/checklistforunwantedcharges.html) to help you avoid unexpected charges if you find yourself in an uncharted territory.

# Video Tutorials To Help You Get Familiar With AWS Cloud services

## Static Website Hosting on S3, Route 53 Domain Name Registration

> In this AWS S3 tutorial the presenter walks step-by-step through the process of hosting a website on Amazon S3. Then set up a custom domain name in AWS Route 53 and associate it with our website in S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this AWS S3 tutorial the presenter walks step-by-step through the process of hosting a website on Amazon S3. The tutorial also includes setting up a custom domain name in AWS Route 53 and associating it with the website in S3.
```

> (Domain registration is not free but at an affordable price. )

Reviewer: Use an extra line break before this line to keep this in a separate paragraph if you like; I have not added an extra line. I personally like 
```suggestion
(Note: domain registration is not free but many custom domains are available at an affordable price.)
```

> [S3 Video Tutorial Available Here ] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_B79xXf-w8)

Reviewer: Link syntax is very, very particular; can't have spaces between the `]` bracket and `(` paren. Take a look at the [rendered markdown](https://github.com/UWB-ACM/Hackathon-Docs-2020/blob/490cd5ec451855cfa37d06f50d5bf9cb4161e5c3/_docs/aws_resources.md) to see what I'm talking about.

```suggestion
[S3 Video Tutorial Available Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_B79xXf-w8)
```

## AWS Lambda & DynamoDB | AWS Serverless Tutorial
This tutorial as uses AWS Lambda, AWS API Gateway and DynamoDB to create a serverless backend for your application. This is a three
part series that can be accessed on "Cloud Path" via youTube.

> [Lambda DynamoDB Video Tutorial Available Here] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGerk8hrP9U)

Reviewer: Link syntax is very, very particular; can't have spaces between the `]` bracket and `(` paren. Take a look at the [rendered markdown](https://github.com/UWB-ACM/Hackathon-Docs-2020/blob/490cd5ec451855cfa37d06f50d5bf9cb4161e5c3/_docs/aws_resources.md) to see what I'm talking about.

Also, here, I like bullet points for the two videos. Using bullets ensures that your two lines get respected with line breaks; [line breaks in GitHub markdown have some tricks to it.](https://gist.github.com/shaunlebron/746476e6e7a4d698b373)

```suggestion
* [Lambda DynamoDB Video Tutorial Available Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGerk8hrP9U)
```

> [Reserved Words In DynamoDB] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/ReservedWords.html)

Reviewer: Link syntax is very, very particular; can't have spaces between the `]` bracket and `(` paren. Take a look at the [rendered markdown](https://github.com/UWB-ACM/Hackathon-Docs-2020/blob/490cd5ec451855cfa37d06f50d5bf9cb4161e5c3/_docs/aws_resources.md) to see what I'm talking about.

Also, here, I like bullet points for the two videos. Using bullets ensures that your two lines get respected with line breaks; [line breaks in GitHub markdown have some tricks to it.](https://gist.github.com/shaunlebron/746476e6e7a4d698b373)

```suggestion
* [Reserved Words In DynamoDB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/ReservedWords.html)
```

## AWS Lamda Tutorial | Use AWS CloudWatch Events to Schedule a Lambda Function Invocation
In this AWS Lambda tutorial we set up a basic hello world Lambda function that's triggered by a scheduled CloudWatch event to run every minute. This video is part of the AWS Serverless tutorial series.

[Lambda & CloudWatch Video Tutorial Available Here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-v4LMV5DAD4&list=PLD_RqipW0-9s-u1HXTglYV8Aam-5P3XLi&index=7&t=0s)

## How to Create EC2 Instance in AWS Step-by-step
Create Your EC2 Resources and Launch Your EC2 Instance.
How to create EC2 instance in AWS step by step.

> [EC2 Video TutorialAvailable here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x5dWRaLvIw)

Reviewer: Rephrase & spaces

```suggestion
How to create EC2 instance in AWS step by step, including creating the EC2 resource and launching the instance.

[EC2 Video Tutorial Available Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x5dWRaLvIw)
```

## AWS EC2 Linux Launch & Connection Using SSH

[EC2 Linux Launch Video Available Here] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0g1M5bb9u4)

> [EC2 connect with Putty(Windows)] (This video will show how to use a PuTTY private key to connect to your Amazon EC2 Linux instance.)

Reviewer: Reorganize this paragraph to align with the sections above.

```suggestion
This video will show how to use a PuTTY private key to connect to your Amazon EC2 Linux instance.

* [EC2 Linux Launch Video Available Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0g1M5bb9u4)
```

> [EC2 connect with Putty(Windows)] (This video will show how to use a PuTTY private key to connect to your Amazon EC2 Linux instance.)

Author: [EC2 connect with Putty(Windows)] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi7ow5NGC-U)
     This video will show how to use a PuTTY private key to connect to your Amazon EC2 Linux instance.
